# Exposition
This application studies the concepts of objects related by foreign keys, exporting and importing modules, private methods and public methods, closures in relation to factory functions, single responsibility for functions and classes, interface separation with duck typing (see invocations of `ApplicationViewer()`) with dependency injection of views, saving and retrieving from localStorage in conjunction with `JSON.stringify()` and `JSON.parse()` functions.  Through adherence of the concepts listed above, the application closely resembles a Model, View, Controller architecture, whereby the Models created are the data structures necessary to capture information (Project and Task), with multiple views listed to display this information (ProjectSign, ProjectContent, ProjectProperties, etc), and a Controller object (Navigation) to determine the flow and returned responses.

# Excursion
Reviewing principles from Metz's Practical Object-Oriented Design Principles, this application had a use case for duck typing: setting up different views.  The object `ApplicationViewer` found in `viewEngien.js` is defined with a rest parameter, accepting any number of objects injected into it and then calling `displayView()` on each object via the `displayViews()` method. This implementation makes the application incredibly easy to extend when adding new visual elements.  Simply create a new object that represents the view, write a `displayView` method, expose that method for calling, and inject this object into the `ApplicationViewer` while calling `displayViews()`, i.e: `ApplicationViewer(object1, object2, object3).displayViews()`

# Expletives
- The `get var()` declarations being returned from a factory function is producing side effects.  When running `JSON.stringify(taskObject)`, stringify is using the get method as a lookup for the key value pairs.  This was initially regarded as useful but actually reveals an unwanted side effect.  To correct this, the `get var()` methods would be removed entirely to avoid this side effect exposure, and instead plain objects with the correct key-value pairs would be created via iterating over the object.  The objects would be stored in an array and stringified because being stored locally.  ...After further discussion, it appears defining your own .toJSON serialisation method can solve this issue: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON/stringify#tojson_behavior